README.md, before:

## Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux

This is the walking steps of Dan Abramov's Redux vedio tutorials.

`Part 2: Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux (27 free videos)`
[https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux](https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux)

There are total 10 branches (step-1...step-10) to go through the video episodes.


## Quick Start

```bash
cd `this-folder`
npm install
ncu
ncu -u
npm update
webpack-dev-server
```

Then:

```bash
open http://localhost:8080
```

## Branches

### 1. step-1

grab the source code from: https://github.com/reactjs/redux/tree/master/examples/todos
config package.json, add webpack.config.js, do some updating, use `webpack-dev-server` to make the source working properly.

### 2. step-2

initial state in HTML 5 Local-storage.

```javascript
  store.subscribe(() => {
    saveState({'todos': store.getState()})
})
```

add `node-uuid.v4`, `lodash/Throttle` for subscribe(saveState) 

### 3. step-3

- seperate js to Root, configureStore
- use react-router `Link` for hashHistory URL.
- add removeState to reset localStorage's state to prove it work.

### 4. step-4

- debug: devtool: 'inline-source-map',
- FilterLink not work correct. (step-3 either)

### 5. step-5

### 6. step-6

- favicon
- mongod && mongoose
- routes: /api/todos, models
- server: 
    "webpack-dev-middleware",
    "webpack-hot-middleware"

try to integrate williamDemo (Redux Universal) and react-redux-universal-hot-example into.

```bash
mongod &
npm run start1 
open http://localhost:8081
open http://localhost:/8081/api/routes/
```

re-cast `getVisibleTodos` to `reducers` as a `selector`, so `mapStateToProps` use `state` instead of `state.todos`.

work at course-15.

### 7. step-7

`users` tab works. It uses mongo + redux global state + react component.
- redux-thunk
- componentDidMount to call store.dispatch('FETCH_USER')
- in userAction.js, superagent.get('/api/users') to get the user-list
- in userReducer.js, state is updated with the user-list
- in userApp.js, `mapStateToProps` update state.userList
- in userApp.js, render is trigger coz state.userList is changed.

`http://localhost:8081/users`

- userList clicks and userDetail work.
- karma-test works.
- re-config the structure, bring (mv) stuff from previous `williamDemo` repository.
  I prefer to make this repository as a template for `react-redux-fullstack`, so step by step to integrate some good stuff.
- [Redux-form](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form)
- adjust the structure: replace db (todo -> redux), add new schemas. mv all todos name-convenention to redux-...

- make counter <-> mongo <-> state works. localhost:8081/counter localhost:8081/users work.
- counter CRUD works. superagent + findOneAndUpdate
    localhost:8081/counter works as a full-stack behavior. mongodb keeps sync with counter-clicking.

### 8. step-8

checkout -b from step-6, at course-16. 

- install redux-thunk, in configureStore.js use it.
 The inner function receives the store methods dispatch and getState as parameters.
     
- merge step-8 and step-7. currently the tabs: 
 (1) counter, users, contact works. 
 (2) app, todos not work. 
 (3) about, phone not implement yet.
     
### 9. step-9

- https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/
  Fake Online REST API for Testing and Prototyping
- request
- Cross Domain issues:
  Error: Request has been terminated
  Possible causes: the network is offline, Origin is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin, the page is being unloaded, etc.
- http://localhost:8081/api/delegate/github/williamjxj
- http://localhost:8082/api/delegate/github/williamjxj

- to make promise testable: add `chai-as-promised`, and in karma.conf.js:
files: [
  'node_modules/babel-polyfill/dist/polyfill.js',
  ....
]


### 10. step-10



## Unit Test

- use karma + mocha + chai + sinon + webpack to make test (folder) works, need a lot of npm-modules.

```bash
ncu
ncu -u
npm update
karma start karma.conf.js
```

- `chai-as-promised` to test promise: either `return promise` or `done()` will work: test/promise.spec.js.

- `immutable` and `chai-immutable installed and test.

## Issues:

- react-router version: V4 not work. Video use V2.4, I use ^3.0, then `npm update`
- use react-router-dom instead. remove react-router, and react-router-bootstrap.


- Warning: Accessing PropTypes via the main React package is deprecated. Use the prop-types package from npm instead.
after `npm i -S prop-types`, the warning is disappear. so fix.

- RESTFul API call Error: Request has been terminated
  Possible causes: the network is offline, Origin is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin, the page is being unloaded, etc.

o:  /api/users
x:  /api/delegate/github/williamjxj
x:  http://localhost:8081/api/delegate/jsonplaceholder


## Reference

- docs/flow.md
- 1. react-router version: V4 not work. Video use V2.4, I use ^3.0, then `npm update`
react-router                ^3.0.0  →  ^4.0.0 
- 2. Link seems not work, `All` is un-clickable.

- https://github.com/WilliamJiang/node-xml-xslt


## Things to TODO

- http-proxy
- socket
- node-debug, node-inspector

Commit message:

main: checkout -b from step-9, and sync master as well. will update todoApp, and models, rxjs in this branch.

README.md, after:

## Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux

This is the walking steps of Dan Abramov's Redux vedio tutorials.

`Part 2: Building React Applications with Idiomatic Redux (27 free videos)`
[https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux](https://egghead.io/courses/building-react-applications-with-idiomatic-redux)

There are total 10 branches (step-1...step-9, main) to go through the video episodes.


## Quick Start

```bash
cd `this-folder`
npm install
ncu
ncu -u
npm update
webpack-dev-server
```

Then:

```bash
open http://localhost:8080
```

## Branches

### 1. step-1

grab the source code from: https://github.com/reactjs/redux/tree/master/examples/todos
config package.json, add webpack.config.js, do some updating, use `webpack-dev-server` to make the source working properly.

### 2. step-2

initial state in HTML 5 Local-storage.

```javascript
  store.subscribe(() => {
    saveState({'todos': store.getState()})
})
```

add `node-uuid.v4`, `lodash/Throttle` for subscribe(saveState) 

### 3. step-3

- seperate js to Root, configureStore
- use react-router `Link` for hashHistory URL.
- add removeState to reset localStorage's state to prove it work.

### 4. step-4

- debug: devtool: 'inline-source-map',
- FilterLink not work correct. (step-3 either)

### 5. step-5

### 6. step-6

- favicon
- mongod && mongoose
- routes: /api/todos, models
- server: 
    "webpack-dev-middleware",
    "webpack-hot-middleware"

try to integrate williamDemo (Redux Universal) and react-redux-universal-hot-example into.

```bash
mongod &
npm run start1 
open http://localhost:8081
open http://localhost:/8081/api/routes/
```

re-cast `getVisibleTodos` to `reducers` as a `selector`, so `mapStateToProps` use `state` instead of `state.todos`.

work at course-15.

### 7. step-7

`users` tab works. It uses mongo + redux global state + react component.
- redux-thunk
- componentDidMount to call store.dispatch('FETCH_USER')
- in userAction.js, superagent.get('/api/users') to get the user-list
- in userReducer.js, state is updated with the user-list
- in userApp.js, `mapStateToProps` update state.userList
- in userApp.js, render is trigger coz state.userList is changed.

`http://localhost:8081/users`

- userList clicks and userDetail work.
- karma-test works.
- re-config the structure, bring (mv) stuff from previous `williamDemo` repository.
  I prefer to make this repository as a template for `react-redux-fullstack`, so step by step to integrate some good stuff.
- [Redux-form](https://github.com/erikras/redux-form)
- adjust the structure: replace db (todo -> redux), add new schemas. mv all todos name-convenention to redux-...

- make counter <-> mongo <-> state works. localhost:8081/counter localhost:8081/users work.
- counter CRUD works. superagent + findOneAndUpdate
    localhost:8081/counter works as a full-stack behavior. mongodb keeps sync with counter-clicking.

### 8. step-8

checkout -b from step-6, at course-16. 

- install redux-thunk, in configureStore.js use it.
 The inner function receives the store methods dispatch and getState as parameters.
     
- merge step-8 and step-7. currently the tabs: 
 (1) counter, users, contact works. 
 (2) app, todos not work. 
 (3) about, phone not implement yet.
     
### 9. step-9

- https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/
  Fake Online REST API for Testing and Prototyping
- request
- Cross Domain issues:
  Error: Request has been terminated
  Possible causes: the network is offline, Origin is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin, the page is being unloaded, etc.
- http://localhost:8081/api/delegate/github/williamjxj
- http://localhost:8082/api/delegate/github/williamjxj

- to make promise testable: add `chai-as-promised`, and in karma.conf.js:
files: [
  'node_modules/babel-polyfill/dist/polyfill.js',
  ....
]


### 10. Main

- use `react-route-dom` instead of `react-route`
- use react v15.4.0 instead of v15.5.3 to avoid warning
- change form `onSubmit={this.props.handleSubmit}` to `onSubmit={(e)=>this.props.handleSubmit(e)}` to fix fetching github repository no-return issue.
- use '/api/delegate/...' in server-side (`request.js`) to delegate accessing security website work.


## Unit Test

- use karma + mocha + chai + sinon + webpack to make test (folder) works, need a lot of npm-modules.

```bash
ncu
ncu -u
npm update
karma start karma.conf.js
```

- `chai-as-promised` to test promise: either `return promise` or `done()` will work: test/promise.spec.js.

- `immutable` and `chai-immutable installed and test.

## Issues:

- react-router version: V4 not work. Video use V2.4, I use ^3.0, then `npm update`
- use react-router-dom instead. remove react-router, and react-router-bootstrap.


- Warning: Accessing PropTypes via the main React package is deprecated. Use the prop-types package from npm instead.
after `npm i -S prop-types`, the warning is disappear. so fix.

- RESTFul API call Error: Request has been terminated
  Possible causes: the network is offline, Origin is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin, the page is being unloaded, etc.

o:  /api/users
x:  /api/delegate/github/williamjxj
x:  http://localhost:8081/api/delegate/jsonplaceholder


## Reference

- docs/flow.md
- 1. react-router version: V4 not work. Video use V2.4, I use ^3.0, then `npm update`
react-router                ^3.0.0  →  ^4.0.0 
- 2. Link seems not work, `All` is un-clickable.

- https://github.com/WilliamJiang/node-xml-xslt


## Things to TODO

- http-proxy
- socket
- node-debug, node-inspector
