docs/redis.md, before:

## Redis

Redis is an open-source (BSD-licensed), in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache, and message broker. It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperlogs, and geospatial indexes with radius queries.

- Super-fast in-memory data structure server
- Pub/Sub
- Rich client libraries
- Zero install and easy to operate
- Connect multiple node.js-servers to 1 redis channel

###1. Install Server

- cd ~/bin/
- Download and install Redis-3.2.8
- make
  - src/redis-server
The server is now ready to accept connections on port 6379


###2. Install Client

https://github.com/NodeRedis/node_redis
```bash
$ npm install redis -S
```

###3. command-line:

- redis-cli
- redis-cli incr mycounter


###4. Commands

- add test unit in test/tdd/
- add a tab socket-redis and a component src/socket-redis/PubSubApp.js
- add pub/sub clients

- set `smoothie` to initialize redis `smoothie`, to test persistant store.

```bash
$ redis-cli
127.0.0.1:6379> hset smoothie field1 'red'
(integer) 1
127.0.0.1:6379> hset smoothie field2 'blue'
(integer) 1
127.0.0.1:6379> hgetall smoothie
1) "field1"
2) "red"
3) "field2"
4) "blue"
```
- after the set, in `server.js`, this is available:
```javascript
  pub.hgetall('smoothie', callback);
```

- set get loginCounts 10; get, incr, decr, del
- redis-cli> get loginCounts
- redis-cli> INFO 


###5. Redis-backed Pub/Sub

- 2 clients required: 1 for pub, 1 for sub (or multiple subs)
- use 1 channel, add metadata to your message

1. browser: socket.emit
1. server: 
  socket.on
  redis.publish
  redis.subscribe
  socket.emit
1. browser: socket.on  


## Q&A

- In order to send chat messages to users across servers we will update our server to use Redis as a PubSub service (along with session store). 
Redis natively supports pub-sub operations. 

- Subscribe channel
- Unsubscribe channel
- Publish channel message

- redis.createClient()
 

## Reference

- [Using Redis with Node.js and Socket.IO](https://scalegrid.io/blog/using-redis-with-node-js-and-socket-io/)

Commit message:

william jiang: make the dev branch works.

docs/redis.md, after:

## Redis

[Redis](https://medium.com/@petehouston/install-and-config-redis-on-mac-os-x-via-homebrew-eb8df9a4f298) is an open-source (BSD-licensed), in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache, and message broker. It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperlogs, and geospatial indexes with radius queries.

- Super-fast in-memory data structure server
- Pub/Sub
- Rich client libraries
- Zero install and easy to operate
- Connect multiple node.js-servers to 1 redis channel

```bash
$ brew info redis
$ brew install redis
```

```bash
$ redis-cli ping
$ redis-cli
$ redis-cli incr mycounter
```

###4. Commands

- add test unit in test/tdd/
- add a tab socket-redis and a component src/socket-redis/PubSubApp.js
- add pub/sub clients

- set `smoothie` to initialize redis `smoothie`, to test persistant store.

```bash
$ redis-cli
127.0.0.1:6379> hset smoothie field1 'red'
(integer) 1
127.0.0.1:6379> hset smoothie field2 'blue'
(integer) 1
127.0.0.1:6379> hgetall smoothie
1) "field1"
2) "red"
3) "field2"
4) "blue"
```
- after the set, in `server.js`, this is available:
```javascript
  pub.hgetall('smoothie', callback);
```

- set get loginCounts 10; get, incr, decr, del
- redis-cli> get loginCounts
- redis-cli> INFO 


###5. Redis-backed Pub/Sub

- 2 clients required: 1 for pub, 1 for sub (or multiple subs)
- use 1 channel, add metadata to your message

1. browser: socket.emit
1. server: 
  socket.on
  redis.publish
  redis.subscribe
  socket.emit
1. browser: socket.on  


## Q&A

- In order to send chat messages to users across servers we will update our server to use Redis as a PubSub service (along with session store). 
Redis natively supports pub-sub operations. 

- Subscribe channel
- Unsubscribe channel
- Publish channel message

- redis.createClient()
 

## Reference

- [Using Redis with Node.js and Socket.IO](https://scalegrid.io/blog/using-redis-with-node-js-and-socket-io/)
